feat(pub-techdocs): make checking out `submodules` configurable (#132)
grafana/shared-workflows: .github/workflows/publish-techdocs.md

## Inputs

| Name                        | Type    | Description                                                                             |
| --------------------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `namespace`                 | string  | The entity's namespace within EngHub (usually `default`)                                |
| `kind`                      | string  | The kind of the entity in EngHub (usually `component`)                                  |
| `name`                      | string  | The name of the entity in EngHub (usually matches the name of the repository)           |
| `default-working-directory` | string  | The directory where the techdocs-cli should be run (default: `.`)                       |

> | `publish`                   | boolean | Enable disable publishing the built docs to EngHub (default: `true`)                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `publish`                   | boolean | Whether to publish the built docs to EngHub (default: `true`)                    |
```

(sorry that's probably going to mess up the alignment of the table)

Author: Thank goodness for extensions 🙏
